---
title: About Me
date: 2024-05-25
---

Hello! My name is Rohan, and I'm a computer engineering student at the
University of Michigan. I'm passionate about well-designed, open-source
software and I love learning how things work. 

During the past school year, I worked on
[LabGym](https://github.com/umyelab/LabGym), an open-source tool that uses
machine learning to automate animal behavioral analysis. In the process of
creating a [documentation website](https://labgym.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)
and refactoring LabGym's codebase, I got to learn about the math behind
deep-learning-based computer vision models like Mask R-CNN, which I think is
really cool.

At the moment, I'm working on two projects. I've recently been getting into
programming language design, and I'm working on
[glox](https://github.com/rohansatapathy/glox), an interpreter written in Go
for a high-level, dynamically typed language called Lox. I'm also an
undergraduate research assistant at the [Burgers
Lab](https://quantumopticslab.engin.umich.edu/), a quantum optics lab at
Michigan. Although I'm still in the (very) early stages, I'm gaining
hands-on skills in PCB design while also exploring the basics of quantum
computing.

## About This Website

I built this website as a summer project in high school to learn about web
development. It's written in Python using the Flask web framework, and it
enables me to write blog posts in Markdown with support for code
highlighting, $\LaTeX$ equations, and more. If you're interested in learning
more, you can read my [blog post](/blog/how-i-built-this-website) about it
and look at the [source
code](https://github.com/rohansatapathy/rohansatapathy.com), which I've made
open source on GitHub.
